hello everybody today I'm going to make
big impact a lot of people want to learn
the sport so this is a given fat is the
living means the mix that is right so
just like I said and then rice without
any kinds of a vegetable to your
favorite food and then mix it with some
sauce over after pop a skill and so
success on your so we can say that
that's the giving fire but today what I
am going to show you is that the one
some traditional Korean way to Kamini
and by fire excess and little cattle and
shiitake mushroom I already solved the
or are you journey when you buy this
tacky mushroom this ones are soaked in
water maker for few hours and oh sorry
oh sorry this is co sorry when you see
really like a king in Tibet and then
last night I just Coppola long time and
soak it in warm water or through tonight
so now I see the really beautiful like a
plump oh sorry I have so I'm going to
use this one and green onion also garlic
and an egg spinach and then bean sprout
so the spinach is you can check it out
then my website spinach spinach be
stylish and also be is proud for how to
handle this is that you can check it out
my website the kimchi stew
you
zucchini and then bring the whole we
include some salt and mix it three
minutes after I'm going to put so it is
oh sorry oh sorry is too long oh I'm
going to stop there and we do a sauce
and garlic
take it only one
and come your way
sorry
three four
whispers OH
kappa static too long ago Cuba and
sesame oil the last touch so many tips
are you surprised
or one electric beeps another console
and select one
the last one is we are going to get
round be around this with if you are
vegetarian you don't have to eat that
one
and
have a cable car line we usually eat
like this is assault
OPPD fat so we use the packet okay but
if you cannot eat I see food I will just
go using green onion so some soy sauce
and I cut the green onion so itõs might
really submerge there is good in onion
this is a really delicious and sesame
speak very Shuba yes sugar very low
sugar it depends on your taste and
sesame oil
one rice a bowl of rice and then grammar
first
I love namun zucchini and oh sorry and
spinach
Scottie mushroom
like this near next to the hose
oh sorry if we want help up hey this
last the touch Samui you can choose a
one of these then I will choose a pepper
paste my mouse is already now smells
good also hey I'm tasty
hmmm so good
very rough hmm are you loving pop
although I wish I could share with you